So let's all these components there and for that we want to apply some style to the text components
the text component does indeed support to stall a property.
As you can verify in the official box but the text component actually does support less stalling features
than the view does.
And therefore I'll wrap this into another view component and that's just a view component.
We are importing from React Native that's all to the part I meant with you only got a couple of base
components but they'll get you very far because you work with views and patterns and texts all the time
so you're all wrap as text with the opening and closing view component here and now here we have more
styling options.
Now again I'll not go for inline styles here but add styles to the style sheet.
For example we could named as list item but the name is up to you.
And let's say here we want to have a padding of 10 LEDs so maybe give it a background color of this
grey hex code here give it a border color of black and also a border width of 1.
And now let's assign list item as a style tutors have you are referring to styles that list item here.
And with that if we save this now our list item should look a bit better learn React Native.
This is how it looks like now some spacing would probably also be nice.
We can achieve Dad with margin padding is spacing between the border and the content margin is spacing
between the border and the surrounding contents.
So the average elements around it and dare we could add margin 10 to add a margin in all directions
we could all just add a margin to the top or just to the bottom or.
And that's something which doesn't exist in C S S you can add a margin vertical of 10 to have a margin
to top and bottom but not left and right.
And that's by the way an example of how this is based on CSX but it's not the same because margin vertical
wouldn't be a property you haven't CSX while you have it and react native so if we know it's safe.
Dad and we add learn and react native here.
Now you see there is some spacing between those items and of course also on Io s if we do it there.
So there's not adds our items and whilst we probably still don't win a beauty award it's a good start
at least will dive way deeper into styling and all you can do there later in this course.
We just have to get there is step by step of course.
Now one thing we have to adjust now by the way the key here always has to be on the the route element
in your list.
So the element which you are repeating and we're not just repeating the text anymore instead we're now
repeating the entire view.
So the key should be added to that view here not to the text in the view that's why I got this warning
or this error again.
Now with the key moved to the view instead of the text this should be gone.